"""
Explanation of the Code
Imports: tkinter is used for the GUI, and random is used to select a random response.
Responses List: This list holds classic Magic 8-Ball responses, which the program picks from randomly.
get_response Function: This function fetches the question from the entry field. If there’s text entered, it selects a random response from the list and displays it; otherwise, it prompts the user to enter a question.
GUI Components:
Title and Question Label: Text labels at the top to guide the user.
Question Entry: An entry widget where users can type their question.
Response Button: A button that triggers the get_response function.
Response Label: Displays the randomly chosen Magic 8-Ball response.

Using Enter Key

Explanation of the Changes
Adding an event Parameter to get_response:

The event parameter in get_response(event=None) allows it to handle both button clicks (which don’t pass an event) and key presses (which do).
Binding the Enter Key:

question_entry.bind("<Return>", get_response): This binds the Enter key (<Return> in tkinter) to the get_response function. Now, pressing Enter while the question entry is focused will also trigger the response.
With this update, users can either click the "Ask the 8-Ball" button or press Enter after typing a question to get a response.


Explanation of Image

First, make sure you have Pillow installed for handling different image formats:

bash$ pip install pillow


Load the Image:

Image.open("magic_8ball.png"): Replace "magic_8ball.png" with the path to your image file. This file should be in the same directory as the script or provide the full path.
img.resize((150, 150), Image.ANTIALIAS): Resizes the image to 150x150 pixels to fit within the interface.
ImageTk.PhotoImage(img): Converts the image to a format usable by tkinter.
Display the Image:

We create an img_label with tk.Label, set its image attribute to img, and pack it to display in the window.
The line img_label.image = img keeps a reference to the image, ensuring it’s not garbage collected by Python.
Error Handling:

If the image fails to load, it prints an error message to the console.

"""